fix bug with robot arm image expanding too much on mobile
add styles for what-we-do page for larger devices
add styles for what-we-do page
fix bug: slow loading time on signup background image
improve layout of h2 and changed styles for what-we-do
add new images and styles to what-we-do page
make menu items line up vertically on larger screens
make header and signup page work on different devices
fix widths of signup page
fix bug with formatting of signup form on mobile. change float styles to flexbox styles
fix alignment of header heading
remove logo element, which was not valid
fixed signup background image/transparancy on horizontal phones
raise transparency of transparent box on signup page for better contrast with text
create transparent box on signup page for better contrast with text
align header menu for larger screens
fix bug: main and footer not extending to bottom of screen on signup.html
add margin styles for widescreens
make header and footer styles uniform across pages. Add new image to what-we-do page
add styles to signup form
add image and transparent overlay to index.html
change header layout for index.html
add icons and links to social media on footer of index.html. Added styles for social media.
Add button styles. Add padding to footer. Minor change to main and footer height logic
Add font styles for body text. Add styles for index.html signup button. git push
fix footer bug on mobile
add styles to text in main and footer
set image width to 100% for what-we-do.html for mobile
style images on what-we-do.html for mobile
add image and text content to what-we-do.html. add new background image for signup.html
add form to signup page
make logo image into a link to homepage
add signup.html and what-we-do.html. Fix links to what-we-do.html
fix footer colour not being inherited (changed from absolute positioning and used float instead.
center header and menu items.
fix positions of elements in header.Resize header for mobile. Add favicon. fix top of main element to align with header
fix logo image changing size when nav icon clicked
fix header logo size issue with max-widths and font-size
header: change background color and logo image. Reposition hamburger icon.
add hamburger/close icons to dropdown nav menu
corrected link to css styles
Add additional text to main part of index.html
add navigation bar links. Set header background color.
added text
Create css file. Add logo text and background colour for header. Add header, main, footer to index.html and css file.
created index.html
Initial commit